README.md, before:

# Best Practices for Alchemical Free Energy Simulations

## Goals

- Checklist and background for new practitioners of relative and absolute alchemical free energy calculations: What should you pay attention to in setting up and running calculations in common codes and why.
- Provide guidance to authors as to what should be reported about their protocols in a Methods section, either conforming to standard or reporting where they did not conform and why. Useful to reviewers as well.


## Scope

Preparation (focused on aspects unique to alchemical free energies), execution, and analysis of:

- Transfer free energies (hydration free energies, partition coefficients, etc.)
- Binding free energies


## List of Authors
(As ordered on the paper)

- Antonia S. J. S. Mey
- Bryce Allen
- Hannah E. Bruce Macdonald
- John D. Chodera
- David F. Hahn
- Maximilian Kuhn
- Julien Michel
- David L. Mobley
- Levi N. Naden
- Samarjeet Prasad
- Andrea Rizzi 
- Jenke Scheen
- Michael R. Shirts
- Gary Tresadern
- Huafeng Xu

## List of Contributors
(non-author list of people who contributed to document)
- Julia Rice -- Attended initial discussion meeting at NIST in Aug. 2017

## Paper Writing as Code Development
<!-- This discussion is so that people know how to contribute to your document. -->
This paper is being developed as a living document, open to changes from the community.
You can read more about the concept of writing a paper in the same way one would write software code in the essay ["Paper writing as code development"](https://livecomsjournal.github.io/paper_code.html).
If you have comments or suggestions, we welcome them! Please [submit them as issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/) to this GitHub repository so they can be recorded and given credit for the contribution.
Specific changes can be proposed [via pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/).


## Online Resources
Original brainstorming document: (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h7GIyOJykBWz-GPKtYZK-Pv7cbLbX8XTM2xLUpSppoE)

## List of Released Versions
revisions for v 1.0

Commit message:

Add required changes for v2.0
As discussed during the steering meeting. Some content has been moved
to the second paper (see
https://github.com/alchemistry/largescale-alchemy-best-practices).

README.md, after:

# Best Practices for Alchemical Free Energy Simulations

## v2.0 Update

The original best practices guide will be split into two documents: the first will gives best practices for running a single calculation (and give details on theory/ system-specific setup), while the second will give best practices for running multiple calculations (with a focus on automation). The first (this manuscript) will become version 2.0 of the current guide, while the second will be submitted as a new manuscript (see [this repo](https://github.com/alchemistry/largescale-alchemy-best-practices)).

## Goals

- Checklist and background for new practitioners of relative and absolute alchemical free energy calculations: What should you pay attention to in setting up and running calculations in common codes and why.
- Provide guidance to authors as to what should be reported about their protocols in a Methods section, either conforming to standard or reporting where they did not conform and why. Useful to reviewers as well.


## Scope

Preparation (focused on aspects unique to alchemical free energies), execution, and analysis of:

- Transfer free energies (hydration free energies, partition coefficients, etc.)
- Binding free energies


## List of Authors
(As ordered on the paper)

- Antonia S. J. S. Mey
- Bryce Allen
- Hannah E. Bruce Macdonald
- John D. Chodera
- David F. Hahn
- Maximilian Kuhn
- Julien Michel
- David L. Mobley
- Levi N. Naden
- Samarjeet Prasad
- Andrea Rizzi 
- Jenke Scheen
- Michael R. Shirts
- Gary Tresadern
- Huafeng Xu

## List of Contributors
(non-author list of people who contributed to document)
- Julia Rice -- Attended initial discussion meeting at NIST in Aug. 2017

## Paper Writing as Code Development
<!-- This discussion is so that people know how to contribute to your document. -->
This paper is being developed as a living document, open to changes from the community.
You can read more about the concept of writing a paper in the same way one would write software code in the essay ["Paper writing as code development"](https://livecomsjournal.github.io/paper_code.html).
If you have comments or suggestions, we welcome them! Please [submit them as issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/) to this GitHub repository so they can be recorded and given credit for the contribution.
Specific changes can be proposed [via pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/).


## Online Resources
Original brainstorming document: (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h7GIyOJykBWz-GPKtYZK-Pv7cbLbX8XTM2xLUpSppoE)

## List of Released Versions
revisions for v 1.0
